feat(changelog): containers-added-serverless-containers-console-improvem 2025-01-13 (#4208)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/january2025/2025-01-13-containers-added-serverless-containers-console-improvem.mdx

---
title: Serverless Containers console improvements
status: added
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #serverless-containers channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2025-01-13
category: serverless
product: containers
---

> - Added easy access to unique identifier of ressources in Serverless Container overview tab

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added easy access to the unique identifiers of resources in the Serverless Containers **Overview** tab
```

> - Added direct access to documentation in listing of Container Namespaces

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added direct access to documentation in the listing of Containers namespaces
```
